Hello you and welcome
Today it will be athletic today
again a short and nice crisp
Combination of two different exercises
lined up
I hope you are awake, I hope you
Get fit and go up to the mat
so came on your mat and close
Your feet breathe out
center some poor arms step behind
breathe out in the front
city ​​balance arms to the rear
keep balance down
one leg almost stays up at an angle
Open the hip to one side was
stretch again, come and breathe him
Gentle and look down to the ground one
exhale slowly come up high
look straight ahead to inhale
exhale other side are again a
degenerate and exhale another leg
in front of a step stood the balance
Arms behind hands to lower leg
stays open long angle one on
hips are made in the heels
look down and slowly go up to the top
ahead
Christmas over time
so that's it, you get something in there
peppy if you do and the longer
you can also sweat yoga properly
also be very active and very demanding
that does not always have to be on the mat
be asleep and always relaxing
yes, this exercise really did activate
and makes very alert so ideal a
ideal morning program who likes it
and yes write all other effects
down to the infobox and me
wish you a wonderful week but
Before I have a wonderful week
Please click above to go to yoga
playlist up here it goes directly to
delicious recipes in my kitchen and
have below tips and tricks now
but a nice week
See you soon and yes I am looking forward to seeing you